Sprint 2 Reflection

1. What do I want to learn or understand better? Consider e.g. teamwork, Scrum, agile processes, technologies etc?

I still feel like I need to learn a bit more about css and attributes such as margins and paddings to really 
understand how to place the differnt div elements in relation to each other. My understanding of the backlog, 
especially the user stories, and how to use the backlog has become clearer. Although, I believe that using it more
will lead to better divisions of tasks/user stories so that the work I do is more efficient. So most importantly is 
understanding how to divide the user stories and tasks so that they aren't too big for one sprint. I would really 
like to learn more about the backend part of the website too for the next sprint.

2. What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries? How can I help my team do better next sprint?

My contribution to the team  this week was to get a start page up for the website so that  we can navigate to 
the different pages without a problem. This made it possible for the others to use some of my code, both HTML and 
CSS, so that the website looks the same for some parts, like  the menu part of the website. 
I also continue to ask questions and contribute to discussions so that our ideas can keep flowing, 
and so that desicion making becomes easier. For the next sprint I want to help/be better at coming up
with how to divide the user stories/tasks so that we can divide the work up more efficiently. 

3. Changes/improvements from last week's reflection?

I have improved my understanding of CSS and HTML and I understand the backlog better. Some changes were made
in the backlog of how the user stories were represented, before we wrote down what needed to be done but now we
use the specific user stories to get a better idea of what needs to be finished at the end of the sprint. 
I improved my understanding of my other team members too this sprint because I asked 
questiones whenever I didn't understand fully, to avoid misscommunication.