
- What do I want to learn or understand better?

I became the Product Owner of the webpage this week and so I've looked into what this means and how to 
give valuable input to the team these last weeks in regards to this. 


-What is my contribution towards the team's deliveries? How can I help my team do better next sprint?

One of the checkpoints in our to do list from last week didn't get finished because we had some code difficulties.
This week I took over that area of responsibility and after several hours on multiple days I managed to fix this and
it resulted in our, now working, search function. You can search for a company and you will get the most relevant companies as hits, 
if there is no company with a name that is remotely like what you searched for, you will get no search hits.
You can also click on the companies on this search page and get their detailed info, just as on the category page. 
This was a little bit hard for me to solve because of a bug where the search function overwrote the information of the companies,
and I had to do quite a lot of debugging to find the source of the problem. After finding the problem I was able to 
successfully fix it and now everything on the search page works as expected. 
Because of this I am happy with my contribution and feel we have gotten a lot closer to a finished product this week.
We could still use some more design on the page though. 


- Changes/improvements from last week's reflection?

This week we have tried to focus on getting as much done as possible as it is the 5th sprint out of 6. 
This meant that we didn't focus as much on fair workload distribution, instead we focused on getting everyone
to do what they felt comfortable doing and especially what they felt they were certain they could get done within this week.
We have also encouraged each other to do more than we were assigned if we had the time, for example if our assigned workload
was less and took shorter time to finish than expected. 






